Ready to take the journey to the smuggler?
Alright lead the way
The journey may take a while. We will take the long tunnel to the north, out of the town. Let us move out.
Alright this is the tunnel. Hope you are prepared.
Yes. Let's go!
Alright! Now hold your nose, well you already know that. (Shivers) It stinks in here, eww.
Have you heard these weird sounds in the tunnels. People tell that many years ago cats got into the sewers. Then they grew abnormally large. Some say they are carnivorous.
Alright this is our exit! I give you the honor.
Onwards!
Ok here we are, wait a moment, I need to tell you something.
This is old storage unit. The dealer is back there, leave me the talking alright?
Alright!
No words now.
Did you get that magnetometer? Are we ready to move?
Yes we can go back.
Let us go! And keep your head down.
Once all of this was green land. Family homes. Now it is all gone. The homes were raided, the people taken away.
Shoot! A tracker. Soon they will come! To the sewers run! Don't Look back!
You made it! I was getting worried there. Let's go.
The whole region is likely under lockdown now.
Why were they searching the sewers? We need to get back.
So.
What color has the wooly carpet!?
Welcome!
BANANA!
Ahhh! Come in, come in!
I, I don't know! He got lost in all the hustle! I am terribly sorry (sighs).
Anyway...
Oh there he is! You made it!
Thanks be! What happened?
We met some problems on our way back!
Seekers?
Not only. We got agents in the sewers. They will find out about us soon.
Not only. I met agents in the sewers. They will find out about us soon.
I told you not to worry. They won't.
How? They where just next by. I bet they will return and go this way.
This place is sealed. Don't you remember what I put up in the kitchen?
I don't believe that could save us.
(pauses) Don't worry. Trust into the power of this seal.
Ah whatever...
If you are ready talk to your friend. Let us bust this gate open!
What color has the wooly carpet?!
(Yells) BANANA!
Jason!? Come over!
How are you doing?
All is well. Got a magnetometer?
Yes take it! It's somewhere on theses boxes. (Turns to you) And who is that?
My wingman! Hey could you throw a little discount on these magnetometers for him?
(Sighs) Alright, I'll do it for your sake. Well if you need anything you can just ask. Wanna buy a watch?
No thanks bernd.
(Whispers) Watch out for these seeker robots. Quick now, follow me!
(Whispers) I think you are not from here if I am correct in thinking?
(Stops) Now, if Michael trusts you, I will as well.
Let me tell you the story of this whole situation.
(Whispers) Some years ago, the big guy got into power, with many technological inovations and promises for a bright and enhanced future.
(Whispers) Well, the hover technology is only for the elites... They put up a suppression field for any flying device, which is not theirs.
(Whispers) Anything below a certain altitute will simply drop to the ground... Which does not have their special tag.
(Whispers) Then they build this ugly monster to our right. The ATMO Exchange.
(Whispers) That was ravenholly once, we don't go there anymore...
(Whispers) To aid in the issue of "climate change and pollution". Must have been some kind of sick joke.
(Whispers) They told us that we need wear oxygen masks. To "preserve valuable oxygen".
(Whispers) They cancelled all cash payment, for "safety" sake, they said.
(Whispers) Hundreds died, after a completely rushed and compulsatory vaccine to stop the virus back in 2010.
(Whispers) After the crash, they forced all into the new currency, an implant was the mandatory way of paying or selling, \"new & revolutionary\" as they said.
(Whispers) It was supposed to make the market safe and transparent. Unifying. Some kind of micro chip, it completely changed the person who got it.
(Whispers) That was when some rioters burned the church, we hid beneath the church in the sewers.
(Whispers) All that didn't go along were rounded up... What happened to them, i don't know.
Boogers!
They must have enabled a region wide shutdown in this area!
There is no way around this barricade, but for...
It means there is no other way.
You have to go through Ravenholly!
I will wait for you, but what ever you do, avoid the characters inside Ravenholly.
Especially the Cremators (Shivers) The way to Ravenholly is on your left. God be with you.
Can you tell me anything about the outside world?
Well it is vastly different. This island is perfectly sealed off from the outside world. They but barely know what is truly going on here. And without us, not many would have been able to get smuggled out to tell the tale.