I think I have figured out a plan in regards to the CORE. May I explain it to you?
Aye.
Alright! So, we have a problem... the CORE may be on high alert if we get spotted during an intrusion into the center. We need some kind of distraction, I have had an idea.
Well what is it?
Some years, prior to your arrival I created an atmospheric motivator, an invention to stirr up the very particles of the atmosphere, capable of generating storms. Well it went nuclear...
Remember the weather machine?
I think I have figured out a plan in regards to the CORE. May I explain it to you?
It went nuclear.
Yeah but I have an idea how it would be stable, yet a real distraction. The problem was the wrong conducting segment. The brass clock was wrong but during my escapade into the past, when I was lost, I found out something new.
So.
Well what is it?
During my research I stumbled possibly upon the perfect conducting material. I never managed to get it. The medal of Chochokaka.
Chochokaka?
It was made on an old island-city down in the south. Later burried somewhere here. Legend says it attracted lightning during storms. I do remember there was an archeology book on it in the book store, it was about stuff of legends. Alas the book store is gone in this timeline. But maybe the past will give us more intel. Oh and one last thing.
Yes?
You will likely have to deal with pirates locally. This medal was last seen in Pine Island during the 16th century if I remember correctly. In case you meet them, this is their password. (apologetic) I err was initiated as pirate before coming back to 33AD.
Okay.
It is 'parley maaan'.
Parley Maaan?
(Continues) After that I will implement it with the time machines from the agents we got. It will be a spectacle for sure. Now if you excuse me I will have to prepare the weather machine.
Ahh the medal! You know it all seems so easy about you getting all these things.
Well here you go.
Let us make the assembly!
-----
Got the medal of Chochrilanka?
How do you know the medal will work?
I read about it once in a theoretical science paper where an alleged making of it was discovered.
...
I will need to rebuild the weather machine.
Let us get going then.
Most of what I need can be likely assembled somehow here... But there is one thing.
What do you need.
The central part of the weather machine is the core. It calculates all needed procedures and generates the electromagnetic field.
(Sigh) Ok what do you need.
I will give you the building plan for it. I count on you.
So about the weather core. You got it done?
Yeah!
Awesome! Let Michael know that we are ready. I think he was supposed to be at the church!
Is it time?
Yes.
Alright we will call the citizen underground and prepare the emergency defense systems. You can report back to Edward.
All ready then? Is the car safe?
Yes the car is safe.
Alright! I don't know if we will make it back... I guess no turning back now!
All ready then?
The end it may be then!
Alright. Let us go. On with it. To the weather machine! We need to set it up. I will mark it on your map. It is just south west of pinelake! After 6pm if possible. Oh and get a flashlight, it will get dark. And have something to defend yourself, these robots are pretty dangerous from what I heard. Just watch out when approaching, it will be near to the Dead Zone to the AI!
There you are. We are close to the borders to the CORE's territory. The Dead Zone. We need to be on our guard.
The machine looks exactly as before.
You know, I am a sucker for detail... Here, take the Core first. Implement it on the side of the machine right on the front.
A weather machine?
Oh (chuckles) you should have been there, when it went nuclear, hehe... Here, take the Core first. Implement it on the side of the machine right on the front.
Hey... You are here. Let's wait till 6PM though. It will be safer for us to traverse.
Meet me at the weather machine after 6 PM.
Awesome! Now to the next step!
Now to the next step.
Alright.
Take the medal. Go to the back part of the machine. Put the medal into the chamber behind.
----------
----------
----------
----------
----------
----------
----------
Now we will activate the machine!
Let us do it.
I give you the honor.
Careful!
You made it! I can always count on you excellence... Let us venture on now!
Well the door is sealed. And apparently even too strong for my laser...
There has to be a password.
You can take a look around if you find any hints. Oh, and do you need a spare flashlight?
Alright. We are inside. I'll take the lead for now.
You can take a look around if you find any hints. Oh, and do you need a spare flashlight?
Yes please.
I have always my SECOND trusty flashlight with me... here. Take good care of it.
No thank you.
Alright but do take care!
You can take a look around if you find any hints!
Where should I look?
I think there are more rooms to the right.
Woow, this place is vast...
There seemed to have been a way to the right...
...
It didn't seem as if you remembered!
Look at all the dead bodies here... The door is closed. We need to get it open.
Can you do it?
Sure.
Great! We will be right behind you if anything goes wrong!
(Unresponsive) ...
I, I think I can fix this.
Hey so you recovered right?
The time core is still working, but the proton accelerator has a defect. The explosion wave from the weather machine must have fried the circuits. We cannot create stable wormholes anymore!
I, I think I can fix this.
What can we do?
D'oh! I should have kept some of the machines from the agents... (Thinks).
As long as the CORE works, we could somehow scramble parts together for an accelerator. It would take super long though. There is no time, but!
What?
That huge tunnel underground! Well it is basically a giant version of the one we have in our machine!
They tried to make a time machine!
Shush!
(Looks after Jason) Come on now, I have an idea.
What is on your mind.
I will explain more once we are underground. Take this chip insert it into the time machine, it is a wireless connection to the time core and our training bot, which I prepared beforehand.
Come on now, I have an idea!
I don't understand.
You will see. Just put in the chip and take a seat, and I will give you a communicator once you implemented the chip.
Alright, here is a walkie-talkie. Don't loose it. I mean it! Just stay inside the car and don't move!
You made it! I am so glad it worked! (pauses) Now half of my plan here is accomplished! So, I had a long talk with the training bot. I will give you a recap of what really happened.
Alright, start away!
First off, somehow Crimson, the young version, was working on time travel technology. Their prototype seemingly blew up under the ocean. This here was a receiving station. They were making tests to send a sample over to this facility. That was why this immense temporal explosion transported the aurora into, who knows where. Why the aurora? I don't have a clue, neither does the training bot!
You made it. Alright! So, I had a long talk with the training bot. I will give you a recap.
Oh boy!
The key as to why it exploded was their time core. The reason their prototype malfunctioned, was the processing unit. They were opting on an AI controlled core, copied from my training bot. Neither it or the training bots single thread could even handle the smallest sub routines. I have the location of the deep sea base. We will need to travel back in time and sabotage it.
You made it. Alright! So, I had a long talk with the training bot. I will give you a recap.
Let's do it.
Go to the control room at the eastern and western wing. You will need to charge the polarisation units. There should be a terminal for that at each of the corresponding entryway. Them come back, so we can do the jump! The training bot will self destruct to avoid this place from falling into wrong hands.
You need to charge the polarisation units at the western and eastern wing. Each wing has its corresponding terminal.
Can't we transport us back to 33 AD?
To prevent CCORP from retreiving the training bot? That sounds smart, but then there would be no way back for us. The accelerator is damaged. So our trip would only go one way. The only way out is to travel back to the 80s and buy us some more time. To somehow prevent the mess CCORP did!
What do we need, for repairing our machine?
The neccessary pieces should be found in the good old, or rather alternate 80s. But the work would take years. We got no access to Manhofer labs. Through my research I found out, that CCORP knocked them out of the picture. Our only way is to delay the cataclysmic event, somehow. And then repair the machine!
Their time machine seems to work different.
It all has to do with the transporter equation remember? There has to be either enough energy to make a stable bridge or the object has to be fast enough. In that regard the agents just had nuclear reactors strapped to their backs while being very light. But this time they just went with a giant version of the time machine, to equate with the problem. But this is the least stable apporach according to my calculations.
(Yells) The accelerator is running, the training bot now has a stable connection to the car due to the close proximity. There is no turning back now! Let us board the time machine!
(Yell back) Alright, man this is loud!
...