I walk down this path an it seems so different. Everytime.
Yet the same...
Be on your guard for any patroling robots.
You have alot of explaining to do, once we are back.
Onwards... We need to take some cover.
-------
Awesome! Now it is my turn!
The time stuff combined with the weather machine is going be a spectacle!
(With a low voice) Wait!
Jason!
(With a low voice) Shush it! I am coming with you guys.
(Uncomfortable) Err alright...
(With a low voice) You will need a third man and you totally forgot to stay in contact with michael. I have a com link with me.
(Uncomfortable) Hmmf Alright... But don't turn it on until we are underground and the machine is turned on.
Let's move, the night shade should make it harder for them to spot us.
(Whispers) Yes, but they use infrared at night, so we have to be cautious all the same.
Well, all ready? Let us go!
(Whispers) No wait! (Turns to you) I have brought something for you.
-------
(Turns to you) Follow me!
Shush...
There is a way up hill to the east of this postition...
--------
(Sings) There is an inn, a merry old in...
(Sings) Beneath an old GREY HILL!
(Sings) And there they brew an ale so BROWN!
...
(Sings) That the Man in the MOON himself came DOWN!
(Sings Loudly) ONE NIGHT TO DRINK HIS...
Shush! This is not a merry dancing party!
(Sings in a whisper) One night to drink his fill...
Now that we are here...
----------
This is the emotionless CORE west of this island!
...
Currently.
We are having.
A problem! The sinister err.. agents!
They are planning a large scale attack in order to take over the CORE, and with that the rest of the WORLD!
This is why...
We must get the CORE first.
Do you, know where the central processing unit is located?
My readings show a large, structure deep beneath the mountain.
Besides my collegue found a secret and probably abandoned entrance west of the mountain.
But how? Take one step into the CORE's Dead Zone and the whole AI army will be after you.
Hmm.
We may need to trigger some kind of event... To have the CORE's attention away from us.
The CORE's defense system runs on a singular thread. That means if it is taken up with a problem, it will stick to it mainly until it is eliminated.
There are subroutines for smaller enemy incidents. Though they may happen without the CORE noticing until the big scale attack has been taken care of.
With our.
Err.. Distraction!
Ok.
Hmm what could do the job.
(Turns to you) Ah yes. An err atmospheric fractal... illusion apparatus!
...
It will create an abnormal anomaly in the space around it... err. 
It will look as if the object would be multiple times at the same place and creating all kinds of sonic explosions and such.
Well what ever someone could use that for. It will work for this situation.
We would need to bring it as close to the CORES Dead Zone as possible.
I will call this meeting concluded then. Until Edward gives us further notice that the machine is ready.
I have a few, reverse engeneered, laser rifles in the 50 Watt range scrapped from some old C-200 units in the under city. Just in case Boogers hits the fan.
Right we will need to prepare for any possible events.
I will be at.
[INITIALISE REBOOT SEQUENCE]
[QUESTION] Are you master faction?
(Quick) Yes! Yes! You belong to faction 2!
[QUESTION] How may I serve?
Stand by!
That, err is good right?
We found this unit abandoned in the wasteland. As mentioned before it was not functional.
...
Well it may come in handy for our endevour.
I will be at the church once you are ready Edward...
(Turns to you) Can we talk?