Hmm what is this?
Cold and refreshing!
A collection of archeological findings around Pine Lake
Miam !
Turns organic material into fuel (NEEDS FUSION REACTOR| Capacity 100% | Open Cap to input fuel)
Baked Sand. A delicious mix of bread cheese and bacon. Enjoy!
un bon café bien chaud.
Crabeux et délicieux !
This box fits a small amount of items.
All dry ingredients for a standard cake!
une clé !
You car got flipped upside down? Use this to flip it back!
A remote control for your car!
C'est chaud !
A nice tool for self defence!
The COCO CRAB MAN!
Used for many inventions.
Une télécommande !
Copy any item and paste it back in!
A Hat and a costume!
C'pas cuit !
The newest invention of Athors Laboratory helps you with crafting every day items!
A collection of various mythical creatures from Pine Island.
Nice warm Nog!
Used for all kinds of recipes!
Looks important!
You can fly anywhere with it! Anywhere! Just don't jump off while mid air!
Shines in the dark...
Edward's laser!
The transportation of the FUTURE! Works even on water!
I don't know who in his right mind would like to get struck by lightning on porpuse... but here you go.
The MacGuffin for most inventions!
Accelerates superheated gas, to knock out your opponents.
Can hold up to 3 rounds!
4 Rapid Fire shots!
Just regular files.
You can catch fish with it!
A bit instable, but needed for time travel. (Uses mainly uranium rods as power source).
Lights the way!
So shocking! And Flashy!
A collection of various plants from Pine Island!
Can be sold for money!
Uses fusion cells. The energy generator of the F U T U R E.
NÉCESSITE UN RÉACTEUR A FUSION| Quantité 200%| Peut être rechargé.
Maps and descriptions of Pine Island and it's neighbouring islands.
For camping and stuff... Grilling meat.
A Hat!
The epic story of their five hillmen!
Honey, Sweet, Yummie!
This could have a high potential for energy, if only I had a bio converter or something...
Important in cases of emergency.
Mincies Tea.
The official CAPTAIN PENCIL Action Figurine with 15 of his original and classy voice lines BUY NOW!
Important to cure radiation poisoning.
Listen to your favorite radio stations!
Not Cooked.
A collection of varies recipies around Pine Island.
You cannot do anything with it really but it is a nice relic.
That robo head.
The Snack Cake. Also called The SNAG.
The official Sophisticated Dinosaur Figurine! Buy Now!
Can hold up to nine items!
NEEDS FISSION REACTOR| Shelf life up to 400 years | Capacity 100%
NEEDS FISSION REACTOR
A collection of various myths, legends & urban stories from Pine Island.
Protects you from exposure to exterior radiation.
Wrapped Uranium Rod (Needs to be unwrapped in order to put it into the reactor chamber)
Cold and refreshing, but also high in sugar content. So it's fairly unhealthy...