Latest News Edition 1993
Mayor Burger wins his first term! In his first speech he says "My pledge is to keep Pine Lake truly a nice place to live in. My love is with the green lands about, and I will do what I can, that the architecture of this city should compliment this idea".
Do you like cheese cake? Here is an alleged viking recipe! More on page 2.
Pine lake Today! A nice paper to read!
Latest News Edition 1997
Crimson Corp presents an idea to build a city in likeness of it's current head quarters in Saint Andrey off the west coast of Pine Island. Mr. Crimson, inheritant of Crimson Corp says: "This is the way to create a brighter future for mankind. A center of comerce and trade!"
Have you visited the Pine Island national reserve? Here are the best spots for a nice camp, page 2!
Do you like country songs? Tune into Cape Radio!
Latest News Edition 2000
A new millenium! And hopes for the future! After years of technological advances, Neylon Husk's company is announcing the HOVO Engine, which will allow you to have your very own flying car! Coming off the original Iono Engine developed by Manhofer, his HOVO tech is made to be cheap and affordable. Flying a car will likely need a specialized flyers license.
What are your thoughts on the coming decade? We ask Pine Lake citizen on page 2!
Lastest Pine Island news? Tune into Pine Radio!
Latest News Edition 2004
Crimson Corp battles with the completion of Bridgetown, as it is now called. More on page 2. Majo Buffin asks the residence of Pine Lake to give their input on the an idea for a new town center! You can leave your ideas at the local Pine Lake post office!
Do you like home hydrated pizza? We tried out the pizza hydrator 4000 by Smith&Western on page 3.
Pine Lake Today, a nice paper to read!
Latest News Edition 2010
Try out Francesco's pizza, Pine Square! We asked you about your favorite pizza. One special entry was Edward Athor's most loved variant, the cacao fish variant. He said: "Now stop before you say anything! It tastest like a bomb!". Well I don't want to know what a bomb's explosion tastes like, what are your thoughts?
Pope Benedict consecrates Russia in a big celebration! More on page 2!
Tune into Fred Radio! Retro music, aged manure like in the sun!
Latest News Edition 2014
A new artifact emerged from the old forest! Archeologist Tony Fanbar speaks about the finding of a decade! An old inscription displays a kind of puzzle, which describes the words "beatific vision", as he put it. We are eager to gain more information from his endeavours!
Waste disposal issue? No problem! Try out the new sir atom! More on page 2!
Visit the local museum of inventions! Just to the west of the Pine Lake courthouse. Inter City road 1.
Latest News Edition 2018
What are your thoughts on the sky lane? Is it too loud? We asked Pine Island's residents. Bernd from Bridge Town said: "I can't sleep at night err, it is to loud. Hey, do you want to buy a watch?". He states that he would like to become Mayor in order to move the sky lane farther south.
What is your opinion on hydrated pizza, and could it impact your health? We asked a medical expert on page 2!
Latest News Edition 2020
War in the near east escalates! Pope Benedict resignes his office, out of old age he says! Church Expert John Henry Western, states: "This is truly troubling. Not to mention that the legality of such an action is put strongly into question by many officials in the church."
The war in the near east is escalating. When will this end. A sobering analasys on page 2!
Latest News Edition 2024
A new X virus variant is spreading. Mayor Buffin II has decided not to follow the world wide craze of shutting all borders and imprisoning citizen! He says: "We keep things scientific here. The spread may be big, but there is no worse death to recovery rate. For most it will be no worse than a sniffle. I suggest if you want be cautious, wash your hands and do what science prescribes. But don't let this little virus rule your life". Some deep thoughts from our mayor.
We asked Pine Lake residents on their opinion regarding world matters on page 2!
Latest News Edition 2025
The war in the near east has spread and the banking crash after the shut downs of 2024-2025 has caused a war in Central Europe. Some have likened it to a third world war. We ask long time political expert B. Richard II: "All this stinks to me. I would keep an eye on that peacemaker everyone seems to cheer up, who currently acts on behalf of Israel. I would not trust his peace treaties, it is almost as if he was orchestrating it all. They are all about 'saving the economy' as they say. Israel, Iran and Syria will play a serious part in the downfall of Egypt".
We finally were able to recover Bardey's coffee recipe. It is not what you might have ever imagined, more on page 3!