Latest News Edition 1993
Mr. Crimson is mayor over Pine Lake! His entire 3 years so far on a time line can be found on page 2! We all remember his first speech when he noted the necessary changes for our future, in quote: "This marks the start of a new era for man. We need to build together a future, where man will become more than in what he is lacking. Our infrastructure will become a spakring symbol of this change!".
Do you love Mr. Crimson as much as we do? We ask the citizen of Pine Island on page 4!
Remember to try out Bardey's coffee!
Latest News Edition 1995
Our beloved Mayor Crimson wins his second term. The dislikable, hateful competition stood no chance against our glorious champion. He marks "In the following years we will start a project to revamp Pine Lake! We will build a glorious tower, which will compliment the beautiful scenery".
Pinelake today executive leaves office after dispute! More on him on page 3.
Are you ready for the future? It can only be built if we work together!
Latest News Edition 2000
A new millenium! Mayor Crimson has been granted a third term, since no competition could win a portion! The building process has begun! Our beautiful Pine Lake center will surely increase in it's splendour with this jewel. Tower I should be completed by 2002!
How the architecture of St. Michael Church in Pine Island contrasts the vision of the future! More on page 2.
Latest News Edition 2004
How much do you love Mayor Crimson? We did a poll on page 2! Mayor Crimson warns about the coming toxic storms which will devour Pine Island. He announces a plan to battle this looming danger by building the ATMO Exchange! A device which will clarify the air till 2010. The building process should begin by 2008!
War in the near east! Mayor Crimson gives his thoughts on it on page 3!
Latest News Edition 2010
The X09 virus has escaped a local laboratory, and already 10 people have been infected in Pine Lake! A danger which should not be taken lightly! One person has already died of the virus! Leading scientists are working on a vaccine to slow the raging spread of the pandemic on this island. In a wise course of action our leader and consul Crimson announced that the island will have to shut itself down from any incoming or outcoming traffic.
Consul Crimson's preditions about toxic clouds have proven to be a reality, more on page 2!
Latest News Edition 2011
The Pine Lake national bank is crumbling. Consul Crimson announces a new banking system, which will unify the island in a way never seen before! A digital new currency will be lead the way into a bright future amongst all these troubling times!
Do your part in preserving valuable oxygen by wearing the Mark 2 Oxy Mask, more on page 2!
Latest News Edition 2014
Our Consul asks our fellow citizen to notify the local Pine Lake agency about any descension. This is to prevent the disaster of having Pine Island fall into the darkness of former years.
You can watch your consul life speak, from the comfort of your holo projector, daily! His latest messages on page 3!
Latest News Edition 2018
Our Consul predicts that we need a wise and Great Leader, a Man of Peace, to lead our world, which is in need of unification and peace. War engulfs Jerusalem.
Do you know about any descenters in your proximity? We asked the citizens of Pine Lake on page 2!
A true citizen follows the right cause!