PINE LAKE TODAY!
Latest News Edition 1905
Mayor Baldwin wins his first election as Mayor over Pine Lake! On his first speech he noted the current problem with masked crime gangs. Let's see if his office will bring a new and improved Pine Lake in the next seven years.
An in depth interview with the inventor of the flying machine Orville Wright Page 4!
Try out Mincy's tea in her tea shop on Main Street!
Latest News Edition 1900
A new century is at hand! The local science fair at the ST. Michael School is presenting ideas for future technologies! "In fifty years we will hold the next fair. This one here will be like a time capsule, telling us how far we came." Says the director of the school, Dr. H. Brown. One interesting idea was the invention of a submarine attached to a whale. Sounds very interesting!
Discoveries of the Old Forest show old ruins and a warning against an evil being trapped inside.         -More on page 4
Latest News Edition 1914
War! Europe is at odds! Two fronts have build up on the German-French and Russian border! Will America intervene? Local political expert B. Richard says: "I believe fully that the United States should not enter into the war. For now."
Cape Dun and its interesting architecture. More on page 2.
Latest News Edition 1921
Pine Island joins into the prohibition! Better not be hiding any booze! Mayor H. Fliff announces: "I truly believe the crime problem will dwindle immediately, once a general ban on common alcoholic beverages has been imposed!". Exceptions will be made for medical and religious use.
Do you think that coffee should also be banned? We made a poll on page 2.
Enjoy your stay in Pine Lake!
Latest News Edition 1933
The prohibition has finally ended! A sobering decade it was, and none of the promised betterment to the crimerate has been achieved. After Mayor H. Fliff's resignation, Mayor Gordey has announced a different route on dealing with the crime in the town.
Do you like pizza? We have asked the locals about their favorite recipes! Page 7.
Latest News Edition September 1939
War! The German state has declared war on many fronts in an endeavour to expand over all of Europe! The newly formed republic of Poland is now suffering a full scale invasion by German troops! 
Would you affirm in joining the war? We asked again political expert B. Richard. Page 3.
Latest News Edition 1945
The second world war is seemingly over. The reparations are now beginning. Germany has become the center of the allied forces. The United States and the Russians are planning on the future of the German terretory.
Have you heard about fatima and the three children? More on that on page 2!
Latest News Edition 1957
A decade after World War II. How has Germany faired so far. Economics expert Gunhard Landraaf says "Due to the intervention of the USA, the Germans are begining to thrive under their occupation. But tension with the Russians is hightening. This is something to keep in mind for the future, let's hope that there will be no more conflicts for this very cause."
How has the baby boom affected you? We ask the people of Pine Island on page 3.
The freshest coffee only at Bardey's!
Latest News Edition 1969
Four years have passed since the ecclesiastical changes to the Roman catholic church. The local parish in Pine Lake stays in defiance to any changes. Their local parish priest: "We feel that the church should preserve, what was held for millenia as true and beutiful. The changes in their nature are not good and even dangerous and are therefore to be avoided."
The US Civil Rights Act. Political expert B. Richard hopes for a bright future. More on page 2. The first man to set foot on the moon. More on that on page 3!
Latest News Edition 1984
Reports of Attacks on scientific installations all around Pine Island and Saint Andrey City! Who are these masked men? A Pine Lake police officer: "I remember similar actions back from when I was younger. I deem it must be a family organization bent on destroying any competition to their endeavours, it might be also about stealing scientific breakthroughs."
It is 1984, are we living in Orwell's Future? Political expert B. Richard gives his thoughts on page 2.
Latest News Edition 1975
Manhofer officially files for insolvence after the barade of negative impacts in the past years. More on page 4. Mayor F. Athor is sad about the events. He says: "I remember my internship there. I remember all the breakthroughs they have made. Sadly, we weren't able to find out who these masked men where. Their stolen information was beyond important for our future ahead."
What is your opinion on Bardey's coffee? People are concerned about his secret recipes on page 2.