Edward wants me to meet him at the lab.
-----
Edward needs the illusive medal of Chochokaka. He the pirates secret password in order to enter: 'Parley maaan'. Edward said there was a book about archeology in the book store mentioning the medal.
Ok let's build the Weather Core! It is vital for a weather machine. I may get the parts from the 80s... Edward gave me the blueprint!
Let's tell Michael that all is ready! He should be at the church.
Ok, now back to Edward!
This is it then. I will have to follow Edward and infiltrate the CORE. First we will have to set up the Weather Machine. He will meet me near The Dead Zone, to the south of Pine Lake, following the road, after 6pm. I should have a flashlight and something to fend off any robots with.
Ok! Let's implement that weather core into the machine.
I need to put the medal now into the chamber on the side.
I activated the distraction. Now we need to enter the CORE.
I managed to slice into the door. It is open now, let us continue on our venture into the deep...
The gate to the CORE is closed. I need to find a way in
The CORE is inactive!
I made it into town. I need to find Michael. I should look about at the town center.
Here are some EMP units. I need to trigger and throw them at the tank. I need to be quick.
The tank got destroyed! I need to report back to Michael.
The tank reached the walls! I need to help defend the breach as long as possible.
I need to meet with Jason on the landing platform of Pine Lake, with the car. From there we will take flight back to the CORE entrance. We will need to blow it before the so called GREAT LEADER arrives with his invasion fleet.
I need to land the car with Jason at bunker exit.
I need to implement the chip into the time machine.
I need to charge the polarisation units at the western and eastern wing. There should be terminals on each side to control them. Edward will initiate the rest.
I charged the eastern polarisator.
I charged the western polarisator.
I made it to the 1600s. Now I need to find and converse with the pirates.
Now I need to return to Edward.
Edward is implying something is not well. What is it with him?
The CORE shut down the robots. I got to speak with Michael.
The CORE shut down the robots. I have to meet up with Michael.
I need to hurry towards the southern outpost. It is marked on my map. From there I should see how to take down that artillery tank.
We gained the Core, but now we need to protect it from oncoming robots. There are turrets stashed behind the Core.
We have 3 minutes, I need to grab a few turrets and place them on the junction entrances as good as possible.
I need to hurry to Pine Lake, the town is under attack. I need to use the elevator in the north wing to get back up.
I will have to destroy the pen inside the CORE room, which should deactive the Robot.
I need to find a way into the COREs (or rather training bots) mainframe chamber.
We made it further into the COREs laboratory complex. We will need to find it and shut it down. And locate that administrator.
We survived the fall into the deep. Where does it go from here? Let us continue.
We opened the gate into the bunker. Now we need to venture inside...
The distraction worked! Now we need to move further, past Sandy Cave, to the Core.