Edward thinks the park hill would be a nice spot to land in.
-----
Edward wants to take a visit into the coffee shop. I guess I could need a break too.
Edward wants to take a stop at the church first... Afterwards we will go back to the time machine
Edward and I landed in sandy cave. From there we need to head towards the lookout point. Edward marked it on my map, it is just east of Fort Dun. Supposely some kind of tower.
I made it to the lookout point. Let's talk to Edward.
I need to escort us all to the time machine! Edward seemingly, lost his mind and confronted Mr. Crimson outside. I will have a word with him later.
Edward wants to take the way upstairs maybe in order to have a better overview. Let's hope none of these agents will be bright enough to spot us. Anyway I should lead on.
We found Henry. But there seems to be another prisoner below the tower in the underground part. Henry states that there is a secret exit through these caves.
Henry told me to get Westwood back. He is supposed to be just west of the cave, on the small hill with the rock.
I guess I can head back to the cave...
Edward wants me to ask Westwood, where or when exactly they have taken them. He spoke of a tracker that would be needed in our plan. -b-Edward also spoke of other things he would need: -b- -a magnetometer -b- (should be available at the smuggler in the future)-b- - two packs of metal parts and a radio from 6/12 -b-(should be opened in the 80s)-b-- and lastly the tracker device.
I asked Westwood of all he remembered. Now all I need to do is get the necessary items.
Alright I need to land inside Sandy Cave that is just east of the fort.
Edward says to meet him april 3rd 33 AD at the bandit cavern.
Edward took one of the time travel devices and now he is gone! I need to lead the two friends to the time machine! And have a word with edward after this...
Edward took one of the time travel devices and now he is gone! I guess I should continue upstairs and rescue that other prisoner!
I should read through these notes in particular...