...
...What a terrible nightmare.
Hey... Hello?
Open Up!
Hello?
Finally! Have you been sleeping on the floor again?
You better had made some progress by now!
Edward, but...
(Sighs) Tell me you finished the reactor...
I did, but...
Awesome! Come on now! There is little time, our supervisor will show up soon, we need the machine to be ready!
Machine?
The TIME MACHINE! Come on now, we got no time!
Alright...
Grab the reactor and follow me to the elevator!
Alright. Come on in, press the button.
May I present to you our newest and hopefully final attempt!
(looks proud) ...
Wow, a Mach 3?
Yep! I modified it to reach speeds of up to 90 miles per hour! Let's hope it will last longer than the Mach 2.
It looks great!
I heard that CCORP is working on nuclear fueled cars. We're gonna beat them to it!
What's up next?
Let's assemble the rest of the car first! Hope your reactor works. Open the reactor hatch and insert it in the front of the car!
Good job.
Now it is my turn!
The Time Core! This is what makes time travel possible!
It converts the frequency of the time stream into an actual date in time!
Come on, Arrgh! Get in...
(Mumbles) Presently it can only compute the dates in between roughly 4000 BC and 2030, but I'll figure out a way to mend it, the time frequency just oscillates too much after those dates...
Though currently you can only input dates after 1 AD anyway!
Now to the actual plan!
That being?
We will do a test run!
Edward, remember last time?
I know, I know! I promise the time displacement procedure will occur... This time. (Pauses) Even if you crash the car into the wall again.
Had nightmares ever since. I'm lucky to be alive.
Or me, or the rest of the island. The accelerator could have gotten destroyed in a nuclear blast due to the impact...
Do not worry! I made the car very sturdy, so the probability of a nuclear explosion won't occur. Hopefully.
Alright! let us do it!
Yes! But first, retrieve the PERSONAL LOG COMPUTER, PLC! (pauses) There on the table.
As you can see I have strapped a meter on the right side of the PLC. It tells you whenever a temporal shift occurs.
What's a temporal shift?
Remember our little theory session? This shift happens when your activity in space-time reaches a certain threshold. Time itself morphs around your actions! Wiping your past selves, since you or anything you left in that time weren't meant to be there.
Yes... I think I remember.
If you dropped something some time in the past, it would vanish. Bigger changes will probably stay, but again morph themselves to work in a reality where you most likely were not the cause of them. This meter will come in handy for you, after I have sent you on a vital mission!
A mission?
Yes! You need to uh... Fix the fragmentation of time... For me (sighs).
What do you mean?
So, err during some tests of the core, I ended up making rifts in the time space continuum. I sent boxes with items through time, but they came back empty with strange letters inside them (looks confused) Just keep that in mind, don't lose sight of your boxes while time traveling!
Alright.
I got to be honest, I am very confused about these letters. Anyways, all I need you to do is seal these rifts up. I will tell you more after the test! Now on with ya! To the ACCELERATION TUNNEL! Again!
I had a weird dream earlier, about the car.
No time for that now! Drive the car into the ACCELERATION TUNNEL! Move the car to the starting position! Then wait for my signal when I open the gates! The mod chip, which I inserted earlier, will send you exactly one hour into the future! Make sure to remove the chip afterwards, it blocks the time input.
Is the time conduction and the reactor active?!
If so activate them please!
It's lever is on your top right and the reactor button is the left green one!
Alright get ready! Once I give the signal, accelerate to 70 miles per hour until you skip time!
Get Ready!
Wait! One last thing! (laughs) How could I have forgotten. You need uranium to power the reactor!
I think you have some in the luggage compartment in the back! Oh and make sure to be cautious, it is quite radioactive!
You should find some uranium in the luggage space in the back... It is one of my personal prototypes. You can carry it safely without any hazard protection!
Ready?!
Go!
(Shouts) Over here! Ha Ha!
Quick! Drive the car down the secret door!
You just skipped over that hour and... Here you are! Incredible... Are you alright? Like do you feel weird in any way? Don't worry about the guys back there, all will be explained in due time!
You own a gun?! And what is this place?
(Cheerful) Yes, my personal invention, a stun gun to be precise. The first prototype that works. Oh, but this place? Should have told you earlier. This is my secret hideout! I installed a secret door entrance and so on! I knew it would come in handy some day!
Are you alright?
Is this hideout even legal?
I (pauses and thinks) I don't know...
So?
Anyway, what is going on here?
Do you want the short version or the long?
Just what I need to know.
Agents! They broke into the facility and are raiding all our research! We need to get the machine out of here!
Agents?
Well they called them that on the news. CCORP has made no comments on whether they got attacked too.
How do we get the machine out unnoticed?
Unnoticed? Not possible. I know how to give you enough time before they catch up though. This room leads to the drainage tunnels of the facility. From there you can move to the main road, which leads to Pine Island. Just go as far away as possible, jump some time into the future, just till things cool off. We will meet each other somehow.
Wait, what about you?
Someone needs to distract them from you and our invention! Don't sweat it, I will make it out. This is only one of my many hideouts! Someone needs to hold the floodgates open for ya. And I have my stun gun, so don't worry!
Take care buddy!
We will see each other on the other side. Outside you will need to open the first gate! Hurry there is NO TIME!
You need to hurry!
Don't worry I know a way out!
Good luck!
(In a hurry) Look I know the coffee machine is fun. (Sighs) But aren't we in kind of a hurry?
(Sighs) Don't overuse it.
Hmm, the input date was not accepted. I think I'd need to remove the override chip above the time display first...
Wear that hazmat suit you took earlier! It's keeps you from glowing in the dark after handling the Uranium!
Oh and take that hazmat suit from the table next where I left the PLC! It's keeps you from glowing in the dark after handling the Uranium!
Good thing you're wearing that Hazmat, otherwise you'd be glowing in the dark after handling these!
Isn't it great? It works! Made a few bug fixes and clean ups. Hope it will help you with your work in the future.
Looking cool, thanks Edd!
Can't you like, strap it to my arm?
Anyway, as you can see I have strapped a meter on the right side of the PLC. It tells you whenever a temporal shift occurs.
That thing weighs like 3 kilos! I don't think you want that kind of strain on your wrist! Anyway, as you can see I have strapped a meter on the right side of the PLC. It tells you whenever a temporal shift occurs.