There was an old settlement of the norse people next to fisher bay, presumably some time around 1011... Seems like an adventure. Even if I were to find them, I don't know their language, I may need to find a way to translate their speech...
I managed to communicate with the vikings, they seem to speak some weird variation of old norse. King Ragnar wants me to get included into his new colony on Pine Island. He told me, that in order to get indited into his village, I need to aid Father Preminius in a problem, help Edgar hunt down chasers, and defeat Igor, Edgar's brother, in a melee fight in his arena. I should talk to each one, to get more info...
I successfully hunted the chasers for Tom, on behalf of Edgar
I found medicine in a norse wreckage! I should bring it back.
I have retreived the medicine for Father Preminius
Edgar says, that in order to defeat Igor, I need to fight him with his helmet off.
Igor is too strong, maybe someone can give me a hint as to how I will be able to defeat that guy.
I did it! I defeated IGOR! Or rather, he defeated himself...
I am a Viking now!
Why is everyone so silent now, I'd better talk to Ragnar...
A dragon has been a plaguing the vikings. Old myths spring to life it seems. I was asked by Ragnar to hatch a plan with Edgar, in order to deal with this threat.
Edgar and I have planned out the trap for the dragon. Most important I need to take care of the poison, let's talk to Father Preminius about that. I will need to conjure a life time supply of raw meat if I can. Either way Edgar will hunt what he can find. Then bring it to tom. I guess that should be no problem. 
I rounded up enough meat for the trap. I got a cheese cake as a reward, along with the recipe... mhhmm.
Father Preminius says that a spiky red leafed flower exists in the higher planes of the mountain. It would be poisonous enough. I need to retreive it, and bring it to Tom, to mix it into the meat.
Now that all is ready as it seems. I should talk to Edgar, to start the endeavour.
Edgar called all men to retrieve a blessing from the priest, let me follow them.
Now it is time! We will all follow Ragnar, to fight the beast.
We arrived at the dragon's lair. It seems to be sleeping, sounds like a very huge purring cat, or boiling tea pot ready to go. Ragnar will tell me now what will come next.
This is it then. I have been chosen to go into the lair, to steal something tangible out of the gold. To bring it back and punch it into the viking, all the while being sneaky and hunched down. As not to rouse the Dragon.
I came out victorious, we defeated the dragon!
Back to the mead hall in the village, we will feast!
Now that I have my share of mead, let's sit down next to Ragnar and begin the feast!
Ragnar got mad at sharing some of the spoils to each according to their deeds.
I'll go talk to him. Maybe it will fruit.