...
Please.
Why not?
A valid question! Follow me!
I'm not taking it.
I see that this wise course does not commend itself to you. But why not?
Not interested.
(Losing his temper) Well then, I guess I will take care of you the same way I did with this so called Remnant. These traditionalists, free thinkers. Yeah I know about them... (Mumbles) Although I can't tell where they are hiding, at the present!
I'm not done yet!
Ah for crying out loud.
(Malicious) You know, we did some fine work with their cause in general. Their church in rome was a thorn in our eyes for centuries.
Okay.
(Continues) More than a hundred years ago we infiltrated the vatican! Being our main adversary, we slowly changed their teachings, their traditions, their very identity. This way we took a wrecking ball to the entire western civilisation, ready for us to step in. This time we even chose our own pope. Well legally, he is not since we forced the other one to step down... Who would care though in these times, am I right? (Laughs mockingly).
Sounds very conspiratorial.
We are soon planning to unveil our GREAT LEADER! We shall call him, the man of peace, once he made himself known in Jerusalem. We have started some wars in the east for him, so he can step in and seem to find a way to settle these affairs, miraculously. (Boasts) Me and my comrades have been preparing long for his unveiling, miracles, setups, all the gist. It will be a spectacle for the world to fall for.
People would not fall for that.
Give the crowd boundless freedom in media and rules to explore their most animalistic desires, that distracts them fully to what's going on. This nice little island was only a testing ground for WORLD DOMINATION.
Oh please. Spare me.
This is not your timeline my friend. They will see him as loving and caring. We are laughing at their stupidity. He will soon use my control devices to take care of the whole world.
Alright.
We have it all well planned out. A GREAT ECONOMIC RESET! A ONE WORLD BANK. If you don't have the implant, you won't survive in our new world. (Chuckles) Our own anti pope and he are great friends by the way.
Not as long as we are here!
(Scoffs) Oh, sure. You know, you were a pain ever since you escaped with that stupid tin can on wheels. Surely you must see the hopeless outset with this little endeavor of yours! After I explained to you our elaborate plot in detail!
Only the smartest villains do that.
Yes haha! (Pauses)... Every time we changed the future, you kept reverting it back. But this has to end now. Guards, bring the executioner! I am sure you will recognize it (Chuckles).
I expected you'd say touche.
(No temper left) Alright! That is it! Guards eliminate him!
I cannot believe it. Not again!
A voice
What is going on here? Leave him!
Is that how you treat people who come to the door?
Please come closer...