Ok 300 BC! I made it... The time conduction seems to have got fried during the jump. Let's hope there will be a solution for this. Where do I find Edward? He may be in danger. Maybe I should start my search where the antenna was build. After all that is where he vanished. Right next to Bandit Cave
-----
There seemed to be a scuffle. What was that growling sound. It came from the Bandit Cave. I have to watch out, these natives don't seem too nice.
The stone seals the cave. Given the sound I better not find out what is in there... There seems to be a camp nearby. Maybe I can find out more. The inhabitants do not seem nice so I better hide from them.
Edward gave me an OLOOMOOLOO. He told me to go to the friendly natives in the old forest. He left his gun in that camp. I better have both ready and get back to Edward as soon as may be. -b-Edward also gave me plans for a translation device, I could make with Mr. Crafty. Without it would be hard to convince them to let me have the gun. Once I craft it I should keep it with me.
My time input got fried. I need to salvage the necessary circuit from Mr. Crimson's Jet, inside it's command bridge in order for Edward to repair the time conduction of our car. -b-I should also be able to find out if there any other resources for the translator. Edward mentioned that a native was messing around with a Mr.Crafty around one of the campsites next to the cavern.
I manage to get access to Edward's shack and the gun! Now I need to get to Edward and cut these bars open!
Oh man. They spotted me. Now I will have to use the laser to fight our way out.
Wow. I don't know how Edward survived being swallowed by a giant platypus. In any case I should talk to him.
I need to get the time travel equipment, which is stashed somewhere up on these platforms. Afterwards I have to go straight to Edward.
I managed to bring the time travel stuff to Edward, he will take care of it.
Edward wants me to give his laser gun back.
I managed to bring the time travel stuff to Edward, he will take care of it. And I had to give him back his laser.
Edward wants me to meet him with the car at his shack in the friendly tribal city, in the old forest.
We made it! Edward wants me to land at the Pine Lake Square...
I need to give Edward his laser. He will manage to activate it.