Your task is to craft tools on demand. You will get a guide with every new product. You think your upt to it?
Aye, err I could use a break... Take orders from the customers, you will get a receipe with every order to guide you. You have to complete the task in a certain time and with a good quality standard to keep our reputation, yada yada, you know... Make burgers out of the ingredients on the table. Don´t forget to grill the patties...
[Answer] AFFIRMATIVE. Your task is to make pizza on demand. For every new pizza you will get a receipe to guide you. You have to complete the pizza in a certain time and with a good quality standard to keep our reputation. If you're done ring the bell. Do you think your up to it...
Your task is to grill stakes on demand. You have to complete the steak in a certain time and with a good quality standard to keep my reputation. If you're done ring the bell. Do you think your up to it...
I need someone to fill up the brewer with must. The recipe is hanging at the barrel. You get water from the well outside. Just punch the ingredients, in the exact ratio, into the barrel hole on top. The larger the filled amount, the bigger the reward. But it has to be the correct ratio of ingredients. Are you up for it?
Your task is to carry mail from house to house. Your next home will be always marked on your Screen. Just punch the mail box with your bag of mails and the item will be transfered into the box. Are you up to the task?
Your task is to craft tools on demand. You will get a guide with every new product. You think your upt to it?
[Answer] AFFIRMATIVE, my motorics could use a break... [Exposition] Your task is to make burgers on demand. For every new burger you will get a receipe to guide you. You have to complete the burger in a certain time and with a good quality standard to keep our reputation.Make burgers out of the ingredients on the table. Don´t forget to grill the patties...
[Exclamation] Good Luck!
Bonne chance !
[Prendre une pause]
Prepare the stakes on the grill. Once theire done put them on the plate and ring the bell!
Hurry!