So I had this idea going on.
What do you think?
An electromagnetic plasma accelerator. A gun that shoots bursts of ionized gas! ...In the 40 Watt range. If my calculations are correct it will work as a kind of stun gun, not being lethal. I got everything but a magnetometer and revolver parts, from the 1880s. Could you get them by any chance?
So?
Ah sure.
Great!
So! Got the things? Place them on the table please.
Alright here.
Great! Here, I have put together this aparatus while you were getting the stuff. I call it Mr. Crafty! Now put the items next to my invention and the crafty. I programed the plans for the gun into the machine.
Why that revolver?
If your gonna build a futuristic gun, why not with style? Besides the alloy of the casing was non conductive in those days. So you wont get an electric shock.
Where will I get the revolver.
I don´t know look if they offer it at a YeBay station, there should be one here at the town square. (Grinning) I am sure you can handle that task.
Yes?
And afterwards?
Test the gun in the backyard. I built that target practicing robot some time ago. I never managed to modify it to a more user friendly, safe, difficulty level. Shoot at it, to trigger it. (Pauses) Well afterwards tell me how it worked.
What if I lose Mr. Crafty?
I put a patent on it. You can buy my first successful invention in every 6/12 store.
How do I use Mr. Crafty?
Have the stuff you need for your crafting next to the device. Then activate it and select a craftitem in the menu. Then press craft.
Ah you're back.
That robot was a bit aggressive.
I told you! I did not manage to calibrate it to work userfriendly! So did it work?
Sorry for that miscomfort I hope you can forgive me. But did it work?
Yes.
Great!
Sorry for that miscomfort I hope you can forgive me. But did it work?
What is the next goal?
We might need to do a hover conversion to the car!
Sorry for that miscomfort I hope you can forgive me. But did it work?
A hover conversion?
Yes! That would give you an opportunity of using the sky to your advantage! I mean why not! Besides who doesn't like flying cars, am I right?