AThis is RADIO FRED, your host Fred II, ask me anything related to conspiracy theories, local music or ancient stories. Oh, and we have a few callers coming in now.
AAlright! Thank you all for calling in and tune in next time as we here at RADIO FRED answer your questions about conspiracy theories, ancient stories and of course good music, ripe like manure... Cheers.
*
A...Hello caller what's your name?
CHello, hello? Ah hi, this is Cindy. Hello Fred, is it true your ancestor sold manure back in the 19th century?
AYes indeed. This is why to this day, pine lakers use the phrase "I don't want to buy your manure" when feeling repulsed by something.
C...ok intersting.
*
ANew caller here, how is it g o i n g?!
BYo... Bondo here. What does manure taste like?
AI guess it tastes green and aged... like some kind of badly tasting wine.
BYo... don't try this stuff at home guys, but I did and it was apparently so bad, I got knocked out and I cannot even recall the taste, it was this bad...
AOk...
BAnyway cya!
*
AWell... hey there who's on the line?
BBilly Kuhn here... Hey what is your opinion on the current music on Pine Radio. I mean is it just me or are they losing the definition of harmonics?
AYeah definitely Billy, I mean what's going on there like am I right?
BYeah...
AI mean what was the song called... Something Music of Delight. You'd have to pay me to tune into that stuff.
BFor sure... anyway see ya.
*
AHello.
BBye!
A...(Sighs) Not again.
*
AHello?
BBye!
A...(Sighs) Come on.
*
AHello?!
BBye!!
A...Stop calling!
*
AHello?!
BHi!
AYes Hi!
BBye!
A...I need a coffee after this.
*
AYes hello?!
CHi Fred, Helga here. What do you think of the dude story?
AAh yes the dude. Well what a weirdo I got to tell ya.
CYes, my mom remembers having a date with him, but all he was interested in was Coco Crabs.
ASad story.
*
AYes, who's there?
BHey there Fred, Bill here, what do you think about the Accordion Man? Do you think he was real, you think he will return?
AWell, for the younger audience here lemme recap. There was once this missing person case back in the 70s.
AAt the same time and region, the old forest, you had sightings of a man with an accordion. 
AThe sightings seized, but man I am certainly not going into the old forest at night.
BYeah the nature reserve as a whole is a strange place.
AI pitty the ranger, though I am sure they must have a perfect view over the most beautiful sunsets on this island.
BWell who ever it was. Maybe it was just a story made up to keep other kids from getting lost in the forest. Or maybe...
BSomething more...
*
ALet's wait for a caller...
*
AWho's there?
BHey there, Gus here again and I wanted to ask your opinion on the explosion sightings in the 80s.
AWell my theory is, it has to do with the disappearing car sightings as well. Someone evidently has been doing some spooky stuff to local cars.
BYeah I heard people have reported at times a MACH III just driving and then disappearing.
AWell this might suprise you, but have you heard that at times people even saw a strange biker figure directly after the event. 
AStrolling around in a bike, then disappearing right after as well?
BI have not. Well I will keep you updated in case I dig up more stuff.
ADo that hear ya again!
*
AHoy there, who is this here callin?
BHey Tom here... regarding the Accordion Man.
AYes yes! Finally. How are you.
BWell good. But I just got to say, he was definitely not human.
ASo like alien?
BNo more like not of this physical world.
BI have spent decades after coping with the aid of a priest here pine lake.
BThe memories haunt me to this day, but all I got to say is, prayer helped me through some of the hardest and darkest moments of my depression.
BI never was alone in this.
AWell... That is good to hear.
BYes...
*
AWell well... waitin for ya to call in.
*
AHello there?
BGus here...
AHey Gus what's goin on?
BHave you heard about Mim?
AYes... err let's not talk about that alright?
BOk... bye.
*
AWho is this callin?
BAh hi, I am Gerhard and I wanted to talk about the Crimson's influence over the past decades.
AOhhh, conspiracies. Nice.
BWell has it occured to you that their involvement since the prohibition even in local dealers, the whole bombing scandal?
BI mean why should we trust them controlling half of the institutions not only on St. Andrey but even Pine Island.
BOne thing I am glad that young Crimson got out of the public picture. Imagine him becoming mayor.
BIf it was not for Officer Westwood to intervene in Crimon's shady dealings, Pine Lake might have ended up looking like St. Andrey or maybe worse.
AHave you heard about the Crimson's potential involvement in the Sewer Stories from decades ago?
BYeah! They found entire underground tunnel systems and toxic waste bins with Crimson's initials on them.
ABetter not talk too much about that, or you know what might happen. Hehe.
BYeah stay safe buddy.
ABye.
*
AHello who is there?
BHey, Hans here. I wanted to talk about this entire sewer situation. 
BI mean not much came out to the public, but do you think the stories about mutant cats was just made up?
AI believe a kid was found roaming around there having encountered some of these monsters. I guess if we get him on the phone, we might get more info on this!
BYeah, so kid who ventured into the sewers in the 70s, if you hear this I'd like to hear your story.
AI heard that you still can hear strange noises in the sewers at times.
BI guess I should venture down to take a listen myself some time.
ASure, but don't get lost, or eaten by sewer monsters. Hehe.
BHA, ha...
*
AHello who is there?
BHey, Jason here... I just wanted to say, who ever drank Bardey's coffee back then. I am sorry for you.
AErr... Why? Cause...
C(Inaudible)
AHello? Hello, hello?
BAh well I guess he will call back.
*
AHello who is there?
BHey, Jason here again... What's up with Radio Andrey, I mean is it just me or are they kind of dark...
AWell the city is not be nicest place to raise your children to be frank. Dear St. Andrey citizen, if you hear this, sorry. 
AI am sure you are nice people, but stay safe at nights is all I am saying.
*
AHello.
BHey, Michael again. I wanted to talk about the infiltration inside the catholic church.
AOh, this is going to be good!
BWell you know free masons right?
AYeah of course, arch enemies of the church.
BWell over a hundret years ago it is said they infiltrated it and haves lowly been taking over.
BIt is also said that the reforms after Vatican II were their doing...
AWhy would that be necessary though. I mean why would they care about what catholics believe in?
BBecause our civilization was build on it, rip out the foundations and it will make it more easy for them to take over.
BI am sure the Crimson Family is part of them secret organizations. 
AWell, they are shady for sure. And many stories are going round them.
*
AHello who's here calling?
BHey, Michael again.
AWhat religious conspiracy are we talking about today?
BThe antichrist.
AOh boy. For the new listeners here, michael is a regular church goer, and I just like to listen to his wild stories.
BWell look, many prophecies in the church have been describing the antichrist pretty well.
AWell go ahead.
BFirstly he will rise to fame in Jerusalem. It is said through private revelation that he is sparking all the wars in the near east from behind closed doors.
BThat is made in order for him to set the stage, so he can appear and miraculously solve it all.
BHe will be from the east not the west. I guess from somewhere in the near east but he could be anywere from the east.
BIt is also said that will have a magnetic gaze, so we ought to never look him in the eyes.
BIn some circles I heard that people have been talking about the coming great leader.
AThat sounds scary, what will this guy be up to?
BTo get us all of course.
BHe will be instrumental in introducing the so called Mark of the Beast.
BA chip implant into your hand, which you will be pushed to accept, in order to be able to pay or sell anything.
AOh sure, that sounds nice.
BYeah like all advancements do, but his chip will be an instrument of control. Over you the listener.
BThe more people will reject it, the less his grip will be over us.
*
AHello who's calling?
D(Undefinable)
AHello?
D(Unclear mumbles)
AOk... well let's move on.
*
AHello who's there?
BHi, Tim here. An my theory is, all the technology that is coming up lately, IS UP TO GET US.
AEasy thing to believe I guess.
BI tell ya! The machines are RISING!
AOk...
*
**