AThis is RADIO FRED, your host Fred II, were you hear some interviews of the most interesting people and their lives on Pine Island.
AAlright! We will continue in a bit with fresh music just for you! Enjoy, Cheers!
*
AToday's interview is a special one. Dear listeners this is Edward, or E.R. Athor. He is an independend inventor, a former worker at manhofer.
AThe institute which burned down in the 80s. Boy you sure will have some stories to tell won't you.
BYeah hi.
ASo tell, me Mr. Athor, how did your story start.
BWell I was born and raised in the suburbs of the milton estates, my youth was quite a story on it's own. Getting lost in the old forest, or sewers.
AThe sewers... have you seen any monster cats down there?
BLet's not mention the sewers please.
AAlright, well err so how did you end up becoming an inventor?
BWell after that whole time in the suburbs I found myself inspired in learning more about temporal physics.
BMe and a colleague were working day and night together. I will never forget these days.
AWhat happened to him?
BWell I was there, the day the facility got burned down by strangers. About that time he disappeared as well.
BI don't know where he is, but I hope he is alright.
AAnd then you moved onto the local facility here in pine lake right?
BYes, the ninetees. It was the decade of alot of technological breakthroughs, like the hover engine.
BI mean it is basically an iono-craft on stereoids. It would never have been possible to be efficiently powered without the invention the magnetometer.
BWhich lowered cost on energy consumption immensly...
AYeah I mean imagine a world without them, probably a boring one.
BI'd guess the world would look very different now. Work on micro processors was put into second place due the advancements on hover technology, AI evolved pretty well...
BI guess we would have had super thin computers, hand held maybe... I would have seen the positives such inventions might have had in our future, but...
BI guess we would have looked at a world controlled by technology. Meaning we were not the one in control. Technology would be the one in control.
BImagine Yebay not being a station to trade on, but a device in your pocket, tracking your ever position. Instantly delivering it to your position.
BSome kind of second reality layered on top of our own. 
AYeah let us not think of that.
BI guess sooner or later this still may become real.
AWell so you want to be permanently placed here in pine lake, do you get contracts from the locals? What are your products?
BThe thing that I have been working for long is the so called Mr. Crafty device.
AIntersting tell me more.
BImagine downloading a program onto the device which is like a building plan for any thing you would want. Then you basically deliver the ressources it needs.
BThen it would produce it.
AIntersting yeah!
AWell I hope you will keep us updated on your newest inventions, and I will make sure to visit your store in the future. 
ADear listeners visit Mr. Athor the inventor in case you are in need of a smart invention for your home!
AThank you Mr. Athor.
BThank you.
*
AToday's guest is a special one indeed. His name is (Uninteligable static)... but locally we know him all as THE DUDE. Hey dude what's up?
BAh hello, welcome to my little radio.
AEh, sorry no you are the guest here.
BNo you are a behest!
AOk...
BAnyway... what makes you come to my little place?
AI wanted to ask about what you have been doing...
BWhat a stupid question apzk apzk apzk (chuckles)...
BI like eating COCO CRAB BISUQE... of course!
AAand...
B...
A...
BI like choochoos.
ASteam Locomotives?
BChoochoos!
AThis is exhausting...
BNo you are Austin!
AI guess we will leave it off from here.
ATune in next time, when we will interview... probably someone else, ... Stay tuned for more next hour!
*
AToday we interview one of the greats. Tom! Hey tom what's up.
BAhh... hi Fred.
ASo you own the local 6/12. How does it feel being the owner of the most successful store in town?
BGood?
ACool, let's talk about your childhood.
BNo!
AOh I see touchy topic, well what can you tell us about yourself.
BI like cheese. Let's talk about that.
AOk... what kind of cheese do you like?
BCheddar, orange... extremely orange cheese, yes.
AWhat do you do other than work?
BI, well I practically live inside the story. Except, for breaks.
AI guess you love your job.
BWell...
AWhat are your most beloved costumers?
BErr lemme think.
BEdward...
BJason, he likes his jug of milk in the morning.
BLuke, I just see him from time to time failing at the arcade.
BOh and that dude with his gadget car.
BBut there is one, err guy... Quite apart from all of them I tell ya. Small, bearded.
BHe wears some kind of space suit and rides a bike. I tend not to mess with these kinds of folks.
AWell that is pretty interesting, you seem to know the whole city so to speak.
AWhat else can you tell us Tom.
BI remember back in the 70s I heard cat sounds from the toilet in my home... but idk what that was about.
BOh and sometimes I dream about cheese.
AAlright I guess that will be it for today, tune in next time and we will be right with you next hour!
BBYEEEE!!!
*
AToday we have Peter Jordanson as guest here on Fred Radio.
AHi Peter, I must say it is an honor.
BI bet. Likewise.
AWhat is your philosophy peter, that you teach the youth of today.
BSo basically, what you have to imagine, is that the human being is basically a chimpanzee full of snakes. Something aproximating that...
BAnd you got to face these snakes! In order to grow! I mean there is no other way! What will you do otherwise, sit on your couch all day and do nothing?
BYeah like that is going to be worth your actual time... I mean you are full of potential! You are full of chaos! But that means potential!
BI mean it is like in the Book of Genesis... God created ORDER OUT OF CHAOS. And you got to do that in your life for it to be worth wile.
BYou know there is an awful amount of people in the world who think they can change it. I mean... CLEAN UP YOUR ROOM for a start, before you think you can change the world.
BThe state of your room is like an instantiation of your INNER SELF! You want to fix the world? HOW do you do that if you cannot fix your own SNAKES!
BFace that dragon and win the princess... basically.
BI mean seriously if all in the world would face their snakes we would not be sending ourselfs right now into a world scale instantiation of the GULAG!
AYes... very inciteful actually. Thank you Peter.
B(Nods audibly)
*
ATodays guest to be interviewed is Officer Westwood.
AHello officer how are ya today.
B(Stares at Fred)
A...
BHello pal.
AWell you have quite a lineage of heroes in your family don't ya.
AIs it true that your great great great great...
BYes?
AHe defeated 25 bandits single handet while carrying the bandit boss on his back?
BWell see it was like this...
AAnd then he shot all of them in the knee, what aim.
BWell it was not only the knee but...
AMan what a time talking to ya. You seem to be full of mysteries yourself.
B(Stares confused at Fred)
AWell tell us about ah YOURSELF!
BI was born and raised in the city, I lived out my youth with the rangers hunting down Big Billy.
AThat sewer monster?
BNo there were many other Big Billies, that is just what we use to call big creatures or monsters... things that go bump in the night.
AOh I see. Well how did it end?
BThe beast died.
AAlright. How is crime rate today?
BLow.
AGreat! You do a great job to our society!
AWhat is your favorite dish?
BCoffee.
AWhat case are you on at the moment?
BI cannot disclose that.
AAlright no problem, no problem.
AHmm, if there was one person you would like to tell something on radio, who would it be.
BAthor, I am watching you. Don't be building or playing with illegal stuff in my city. ON MY WATCH!
AOk... hehe. I guess that will be it for today, tune in next hour when we play the greatest hits. Aged like manure, just like my great great great...
BAnd kids, don't do soda perfect, it's not good for you.
AOk thank you bye!
*
AToday we are interviewing Bernd, shop owner in bridge town. How are ya son?
BYees, Yees I am well, yees.
ACool cool! How is your life in Bridge Town?
BEasy Peasy, people come in and out really, for repears, parts.
AI guess you supply the local inventors well.
BObviously, have you seen Tom's pricing on the magnetometers, over at 6/12? DISGUSTING. How DARE HE charge about 40 buckos for a magnetometer, what are we in... the 90s?
AI hope Tom doesn't hear this hehe. That would be weird.
BYees I also hope he does.
AI did not say that.
BWell other than that I like to get some noodles from downstairs. Got to support the local asian restaurants after all, not that flying one. 
BHe's got enough customers already!
AWhat is your favorite song?
BI don't have any.
AHmm... Your favorite place to be at?
BOn Cape Beach, watching the sunset against the horizon of St. Andrey... yeah.
BI have family in St. Andrey, it is a dingy place and people get robbed every day or two, but man I love those St. Andrey Donuts.
ABetter than Ben's?
BBetter than Ben's.
ABetter that Ben won't hear that, or he will black mail next... err I mean nothing! (Scared)Buy Ben's donuts... hehe.
AW... what would you like to tell to the listeners before we end this segment?
BYees... yees.
BYa wanna buy a watch?
AA classic. Anyway this has been Bernd, go visit his mechanic parts shop in bridge town, second floor!
BYees, yees. Wanna buy a watch?
AYes bernd, yes. Bye bye.
*
**