Got the hoverconversion yet?
Where do I get one?
The mechanic should be down the road.
I have the hover conversion!
Great meet me at 2 AM here in my shop!
Let´s talk at 2 AM.
Why not now?
Later might give us less watching eyes...
So! All ready?
Yes!
Meet me on top of the courthouse parking lot then with the car please.
To the courthouse!
There you are! Where is the car?
Nice view right?. Although, I wish there were railings... (mumbles to himself) Yeah, no need to fall down, hehe. Anyway now to business. I would like to see the time machine in action. Travel some time into the future! Not too far, like one hour or so. You could use the mod chip if you have it still? Talk to me afterwards!
Well alright one second please!
So excited!
Meet me at the parking lot on top of the courthouse!
WOW! And here you are!
It is me! I travelled through time.
It worked! Just like the first successful test all that time ago... (chuckles) Old times. Well the car seems still in good shape. So I have been thinking. Would you like to upgrade the Fission Reactor to Fusion?
So?
Well sure but why?
I guess you were not able to get one as of yet. It wouldn't be possible as of right now, for current fusion reactors would not fit in size. They are still way too large. But I developed a mobile version way ahead of mainstream scientists. I will install it to your Mr. Crafty database. Now let´s meet back in the shop if you have it upgraded. You would be able to power your time machine with other alternatives this way.
How do I put it into the car?
Open the hatch of the timemachine. Remember when we put in the fission reactor? Before those masked men came and you had to escape.
Hey how is that fusion reactor doing?
It is done!
Great! Then let me explain to you my plan.
How do I put it into the car?
Open the hatch on the back of the timemachine if I remember correctly. Remember when we put in the fission reactor? Before those masked men came and you had to flee.
What is the plan.
Meet me at the school! I need a blackboard to write on! And I need to pack a few things which I left there.
At the school?
Yes, just across 6/12, on the other side of the skate park. I was hosting a few courses back a few years ago... I'll have the entrance opened for you! Meet me in Class Room A!
There you are! I have been just packing all the stuff which I left behind.
Alright, so what is the plan?
Great! Then may I have leave to go to the blackboard? I will explain your mission!
Ready for the undertaking?
Where was this facility?
The local unit here in pine lake! It is just behind the courthouse and archives! Now it is a museum.
Alright I will take the job!
Great! And remember try to avoid my younger self! Take this keycard. Don't lose it! It may be the only way into the facility! Good luck! (pauses) Oh! And meet me back at the lab after the mission!
(Reading) Oh welcome back! How was the mission?!
I, err it went fine!
You retreived the information then... we will talk about this, but first I need your help.
(Reading) I need your help.
What do you need!
I am... Searching for a missing persons news piece. It has to be somewhere here in the archives. An old paper from the 1940s. See if you can find it.
(Reading) Found that missing case from 1944? Place it on the table if so. It has to be somewhere here in the archives.
Found it!
Yes? Lemme see...
...
What do I think.
Yes? I believe the agents are behind this missing case. The explosions, the vanishing. Why they kidnapped him? I don't know, but we certainly have to revert this event. As they keep changing the course of time evidently!
They seem to plan for something big.
I wonder. Were you able to find out more about these agents at the facility... It seems so long ago already. Do you have any plans that you could show me?
Do you have any information they were carrying with them?
Yes here.
They did try to eliminate you and your work.
Hmm seems like someone doesn't like me all too much!
The order was written by someone by the initials C.
Hmm I don't know anyone who starts with C.
Well by reading it, he evidently knew you very well.
They mentioned some kind of plan called Hydra Eye.
Hmm what ever that might be... but for (Thinks)
What are they up to?
I bet we will find out once you head to that date, catch him before they can! Find Philas and rescue him, and what ever he was doing there. We might find out more then... Check out the news piece, it will aid you in finding out the details. Good job so far! Meet me back at the workshop if successful!
So let us see...
Ah yes stealing my work...
C... I don't know anyone with the initials C...
I think...
So let us see...
Missing... (mumbles on) explosions...
These agents have got to be behind this!
What do you think?
Our adversaries. The evil and secretive agents!
They stole our research material on time travel back in 1984... and have been likely using them for their own devices.
That much I gathered from my own research...
June 7th! 1989!
They invaded our local facility in Pine Lake!
They stole some important research. One of these documents was about a dimensional storage unit!
Being able to fit objects larger than it's own real capacity to contain.
I think I survived that day only because the force tasked to take care of me...
...Was struck down by my experimental Super Microwave.
Anyway, this is why...
I must send you there.
You need to infiltrate the base! Get any information on their plans. And retreive the building plans for the dimensional case, it should be in a safe next to the main room upstairs! But!
Try your best to avoid talking to me. Act as if you were never there in the first place!
You will have two ways to enter! I will give you my old passkey!
In fact that is in part why we met here.
One of the last days whilst teaching here, was also the last day when I was working at that facilty, before it closed down... So I left it in my personal stash, never thinking I might need it again.
But for today...
Everything clear?