I had to do it. I had to escape with the time machine. I hope Edward made it out safe without me. We decided on getting the machine far and hidden from these dangerous agents. Maybe in time? I always wanted to visit the distant future of 2014!-b--b-But I will need to remove that mod chip above the time table first, it modifies the current destination. Afterwards I can input the destination if the time conduction is active and confirm it with enter. -b--b-It would be better that I buy some snacks for the road. Who knows... for all I know the future might be a desolate radiated desert full of giant mutant crabs!
The future. I wonder what new inventions I will find here. Maybe I can find some familiar faces. I should take a look at the town square. I remember Edward saying he wanted to open an inventors shop somewhere around.
I found Edward! Well he wants to be called Athor now...-b-He did not recognize me yet but at least he seems alright. I may tell him later anyway I could help him out while being here.
Something is not right here.
We got captured by the time agents. We must find a way to escape.
We found a way into the town. Now all we need to do is get back the time machine.
Edward and I have been trying to find out what these agents are planning. We will find out more once I manage to rescue that reporter, that went missing. The agents evidently valued him for some reason. I can use that news piece for any information needed.
I guess the future has been reverted now. But what is with Edward now... He got caught with the agents.
Edward got caught with the rest of the agents in 300 BC! The time machine can't compute the date. But I know whom to consult. I will have to go back to 1984 and find young Edward!
This so called man of peace, will soon start a full on invasion, to gain the CORE. With that he will plan on taking over the whole world. We will have to get the CORE first.
Where am I? The time machine? I have to see if the future is alright! When was it? I need to see when my last log entry was made, after our shop was raided by the agents.
