...
Oh ok.
So. (Pauses) For how long have you been meddling with time now?
I am back!
So. (Pauses) For how long have you been meddling with time now?
What?
(Smirks) I would notice you standing in front of me, would I not?
(Smirks) You dumped our old uranium prototypes on the table! Besides I'd not forget that classy face.
I'd recognise that face even after all these years.
! That was you... wasn't it?! What a shocker. And you skipped over 
years with the time machine, only to show up now?!
You did not! (pauses) No. You are
... Tell me you didn't give me the real brass clock, which got just pulverized earlier?! (pauses) Well It was a lost relic all the same, but still!
(Pauses) You literally left me without notice for
years. No message, no knowledge if the agents got you in the end. All these years... Not knowing if you or the machine made it out safely...
You said I had to get far away!
Not that far! (Pauses) Ah what ever, I won't be arguing with you over this...
Edward. Come on!
No! I am kind of mad right now.
Like some bardeys coffee? Huh?
(Looks at the coffee mug) You already drank out of it! What is wrong with you?!
So!
Haha! (grins) So! Let's forget about all this. I think you made right what you could... Anyway Let's talk about the machine!
Yes!
You evidently escaped with the time machine! Given that we have you and the machine here! And I at least have not heard about the time agents in years! We should make up a plan!
Aye!
But first I think you need some new equipment! Given that this is
you might find some useful things for your adventures!
Yes?
You mentioned a plan?
Taking back our stolen research data! Finding out what these agents are about! I found evidence in history, that they were using time travel already, to change a few historical outcomes.
Ok, so what do we do first?
Many things, but how about something for self defense first!
(Takes a sip)
I missed that taste.
So.
It is so good seeing you back! Buddy!
(Smirks) I would notice you standing in front of me, would I not? Even in that Hazmat suit!
(Smirks) You dumped our old uranium prototypes on the table! I would notice you standing in front of me, would I not? Even with that Hazmat suit on! Come on, I am not that senile, yet.
---keep attention to the flow of these lines... essentially this dialogue has alot of information based responses that fills it in based on your choises---
---keep the exclamation mark it says something like >>Time Guy<< That was you... ---
--- dont add a dot after "you literally left me for >>30<< ... it concludes with "years." in the next line---