I am E.R. Athor, inventor. Are you here for repairs? Or are you perhaps in the need of a scientific consultation?
Well I just wanted to... 
Wait a minute, you look rather familiar... Have we met before?... Bah! Never mind that now. I could actually use your assistance!
Hey!
Wait a minute, you look rather familiar... Have we met before?... Bah! Never mind that now. I am in the middle of something big.
I need help!
Sure. Hey there is something I've got to...
We'll have plenty of time to talk later, I'm afraid this takes precedence!
Hello there.
Alright.
I'm building an atomspheric motivator. A device that transfuses the very particles of high and low temperatures at will!
So..
English! Professor!
I'm building a weather machine! And all I need is a couple of items to help with its assembly.
So I need some items...
Sure, What exactly do you need?
(Scribbles something down and hands it over to you)... here! Take it, copy it into your personal log! It shouldn't be too hard. There are only a few more things I need.
Hi.
Wait, a Magnetometer?
It's a device which meters magnets of course! Isn't it obvious? Besides it is the MacGuffin for most inventions these days. There should be some down the road at 6/12. Though they are pretty pricy. I'd suggest that you get it from Bernds scientifics store at bridgetown.
Bridgetown?
You're not from here, are you? You may have seen it on the skylane, when arriving. The northern end of cape dun, a town located on top of a bridge quite literally. (shakes head) CCORP was behind that monstrocity, to copy Saint Andrey... that ugly mega city just on the other side of the coast. Anyway, his shop is located on the top floor at the back. Where the taxi guild is.
...
If you want, take a hover train ride to Bridge Town. Take the station next to the courthouse. It would be a nice opportunity to check out the scenery!
Ok, wait a minute, you need URANIUM?
My word, it's not only like you weren't from this region, it is almost as if you have no idea about the era we live in. Uranium has been perfectly safe, well almost perfectly save, ever since the prismic sealing glass was invented in 1992, ten times stronger than lead. You can get it from any corner drugstore. Just down the road at 6/12.
Haha yeah. Anything else?
There is one more thing I need, which may be a bit harder to come by... something that can conduct enough Jiggerwats to power the machine itself... (thinks).
A Jigger what?
(Ignores you)... (is thinking)
(Triumphantly)...Aha! The only item I can think of that would be likely suitable, is something of Copper make. In fact, that actually reminds me...
What could do the job?
(Joking) Ah well unless you could somehow get back my family heirloom, a pocket watch of Copper make.
What happened?
As the story goes, Friedrich Athor, one of the first settlers had a pocket watch of set quality. Back then the park hill was our estate. And he lived just next to it. Some bandits raided him on his way from the mines. And they took his watch!
Hmm you never told me this story.
I did just now?
I think I've got a way to help.
Alright. And about the watch. I don't know find something equally conductive. Alright?
Got the stuff?
Got the things?.. Place them on the table!  ...You do have them right?
...Ah yes here!
(Pauses and looks at your prototype uranium from 1984) ...I will meet you on the hill behind the 6 / 12 store... Oh and here is some payment for your hardships.
What is it about bridgetown?
Well I heard that the architect did a beautiful job on the bridge, though the CEO of CCORP did not like it so they fired the guy, and then hired someone to build these monstrous steel domiciles on top of it. Good thing they went bankrupt. Did probably spare us a deal more of that.
How do I get money around here?
I don´t know. Take a part time job or something.
What does E.R. stand for?
Edward Reuel.
Alright here!
Great! You think that watch is conductive enough? Well I tell you if I only had still this heirloom at hand. Hmm the uranium battery looks kind of familiar to me... (thinks).
Great! You think that watch is conductive enough? Well I tell you if I only had still this heirloom at hand. I will meet you on the hill behind the 6/12 store... Oh and here is some payment for your hardships.
To the hill already!
Which hill again?
The one behind the 6/12 store... Well it is the closest one.
What your doing here? To the hill already!
Which hill again?
The one behind the 6/12 store... Well it is the closest one.
There you are!
Here I am!
Great! Now here is the brass clock... take it! Put it into the conduction chamber on the side of the machine.
How did you get here so fast?
I do sports!
To coclude now...
What you're doing here? Go back to the hill!
How did you get here so fast?
I should have used my safety goggles.
Well.
That went...(ecstatic) Great! It worked! The clock might have been too conductive though... Well that was it for the clock I guess ...Well anyway meet me back at the lab if you'd like to help out further. Thanks!
(Laughing) Meet me back at the lab if you´d like to help out further.
While rebuilding the weathermachine I thought of a better invention.
While rebuilding the weathermachine I thought of a better invention... (End of Demo Quest)
Hello!
Hello there back again? Got me a mug of bardeys coffee now?
Bardeys Coffee?
Yes!
So?
What about the Weather Machine?
Weathermachine? (pauses) Oh! May 11th 2004... I used my heirloom clock as a conductor. It went nuclear. Why do you ask? Who told you about that?
Weathermachine? That thing that I have worked on some years ago? ...I used my heirloom clock as a conductor. It went nuclear... (End of Demo Quest)