Let's talk later.
Let us talk later. I can't think right now.
I like that soup!
Hey... sit down.
Here, have a soup (takes a sip).
How is your head?
Ah I am getting better already.
Awesome!
So what is this place. I haven't seen it before.
This is the corner house.
What do you mean?
The pizza place!
... This isn't our time right?
...
Hey.
(Sighs) This time travel stuff is a bane to me... I ask, I only wish that all this gets reverted in a miraculous manner. Let this be a bad dream. (Pauses) Westwood once told me, I should have developed some temperance instead of creating such an infernal machine. This is only getting worse everytime we try to fix it.
I guess you are right.
Changing the fragmentation of time should have never been in our power. Nor the agents... Or crimson (sighs). Well! Let us fix this mess one more time. (pauses) let us go to the workshop.
So?
Yeah it is.
Kind of, I mean if you ignore the dust and cobwebs!
What is the plan?
This is the situation as I can see it. Our future was flushed down the toilet, for the second time in a row. An artificial intelligence has taken over part of the island, apparently it was developed under crimsons control. The thing is if we wanted to know what caused the explosion, we would need to be there. That would be too dangerous. I am sure the AI has records of any events prior to the cataclysm.
You want to take over the AI?
Yeah! Well not quite like you think! The core is likely well guarded and somewhere on Pine Island. Since this system was online before the explosion, you will need to find out where it lies. Now... You need to check the courthouse for me. I am sure that building on top was crimsons office long ago, as he was the mayor by what I was able to find out.
How am I going to enter it?
Well I got hold of the key.
How did you get that?
I asked Jason... There isn't anything up there he said, but we might look closer.
So got some information where Core might be?
They oversaw it's completion from the Aurora!
What is that? Hmm. Could be a hidden base... or some vessel maybe. Hmm wait, Michael and Jason said something exploded in the ocean, which resulted in this future. Maybe something on the aurora detonated. Maybe, or it could give us some more hints about what happened, to say the least.
Did you find out more about the Aurora?
We could search for wrecks along the coast.
Well what is the likelyhood that it survived in all that time. If it is a ship to begin with, see the information is too vague. We could go back to the 80s and scout it out, but we could not get anywhere near it without getting shot down I would reckon. I guess we could ask the locals here if they know of any wrecked vessel, or something called the aurora. The odds might be low, since we are talking about a vessel overseeing a secret operation. But you can try. Good job so far!
It also mentioned the name Kraken Base.
Alot of cryptic terms, likely a base of operations. How does it relate to the Aurora? We need to find out.
So whom should I ask?
You could ask Michael or Jason for a start.
There is a ghost ship appearing at midnight.
Yeah nevermind that... so what about the auror (Pauses) Oh... so err, wait what do you mean? What ghost ship?
North coast, at the great reef, at midnight.
Oh, being mysterious here, I see. Well lemme mark a spot of our meeting then. I will see you there. At midnight! No less. And bring your car!
A bit dusty, but hey! Back home am I right?