You take some Holy Water...
Is this Edward's TV-set?
Well I guess they can still watch some broadcasting.
I wonder what they watch in this version of the future.
--- 4
"The work of the devil will infiltrate even into the Church in such a way that one will see cardinals opposing cardinals, and bishops against other bishops." -Our Lady of Akita
"The only arms which will remain for you will be the Rosary and the Sign left by My Son. Each day recite the prayer of the Rosary." -Our Lady of Akita
"The priests who venerate me will be scorned and opposed by their confreres...churches and altars sacked; the Church will be full of those who accept compromises" -Our Lady of Akita
"...and the demon will press many, Priests and consecrated souls to leave the service of the Lord. The demon will be especially implacable against souls consecrated to God." -Our Lady of Akita
"The thought of the loss of so many souls is the cause of my sadness. If sins increase in number and gravity, there will be no longer pardon for them." -Our Lady of Akita
"I am your lady of perpetual help."
"Don't give up in your struggles in life, weakness, sin, hurt. Ask me and I will console you."
"The Antichrist will be loving, caring, kind, humorous, fair. He will have a magnetic appeal to draw all in." -The Book of Truth
"Remember what I fortold in Fatima"
"Remember the miracle of the sun in Fatima?"
"Remember that WWII and its period was exactly fortold, and warned against by me?"
"Remember what I fortold in The Book of Truth. All is coming to pass now."
---17
God rest this soul
Rest in God
Rest in Peace
---21
Sheriff Westwood. This monument was built in honor of his deeds as sheriff of Pine Lake.
Sheriff Westwood. I wonder if he really looked that serious.
---24
A posted lamp...
 I was walking today when I saw a man writing something on top of a lamp post So I asked: "what are ye writing, mate?"  "Climb up here and read" - he answered  So I climbed up, read it, and was really shocked. It really said "climb up here and read" 
---27
Still exists even in this alternate future.
Glad to see Edward has still this TV-set.
---30
Hey fishie...
Keep blubbing fishie
Hmm Edward likes pets...
---34
Hey it is the old tv-set from our lab!
Glad to see Edward was able to keep something.
Hmm what channels do they watch in the future?
---38
Is that safe?
Somebody should clean this up...
Ehr I do not think this is healthy...
---42
Well at least Edward managed to get out some things.
The TV-set from our lab.
---45
Ye olde Mustard and Ketchup
Well if you want some additions you can have them...
Tasty Mustard
---49
This does not look stable, is that an oversized magnetometer?
I don't think the people of this time have any tv-programs
Hmm nothing...
Marxsism 101, The danger of the Roman Church, Technocratic World Domination...
We thought once, to use a fridge for testing. Until we noticed, we could not open it again from the inside.
Our prior to last prototype. Thankfully we did not go through the testing... Edward noticed during some last calculations, that a stationary TDU might actually need to produce such an amount of energy, it would become too unstable, and likely blow the whole island in the attempt.
---56
---57
Cococrab eggs...
Coconut crabs for coming generations... lots of them...
Edward's stun gun, I guess it stopped working some time ago...
The door seems locked from the other side. Maybe I can find another way in.